ANNOUNCER: Everyday heroes
doing extraordinary things.
9-1-1 returns.
We're gonna find you.
ANNOUNCER: Catch
all-new episodes Mondays
and check out
our other Fox programs.
Prodigal Son. Almost Family
and  The Resident.
There's more to the
story than you know.
Only on Fox.
[The Pretenders' "Precious"]
[people screaming. laughing]
[grunts]
A rage room?
Denise. this is silly.
Come on. it'll be fun.
We get to smash a bunch of junk.
- I don't know.
- Oh. Emily.
We are doing this.
When is the last time
you allowed yourself
to feel angry?
I mean. really angry.
Never.
Even after Eric asked
you for the divorce.
Just think of his face
every time you smash
something to pieces.
Okay. I'm in.
[bell rings]
[glass shattering]
- Hm.
- Shall we?
[bell ringing]
[grunts]
Whoo! You're up!
I don't think this is working.
Come on!
You gotta reach down deep
and find your rage!
[laughs]
- Okay.
- Remember when you made
that big anniversary dinner
and Eric didn't even show up?
Didn't that piss you off?
Yes. I spent $400
on a sous-vide
and boiled meat
in a plastic bag.
- Yeah. you did.
- Oh. Okay.
That a girl!
What about the time
when he took
that boys' trip up in Big Bear
and he left you home alone
with a sick two-year-old?
I was covered in puke and poop
and he was at a ski lodge
sipping bourbon
and smoking cigars!
And what about
that thing he does
where he barks like a seal
when he's having sex?
I mean. what is that about?
I never told you about that.
Sure. you did. Ahh..
I mean. you must have.
You tell me everything.
Oh. my God.
I knew there was someone else.
And it was you!
No. no. it's..it's not.
[screams]
I mean. not recently.
You're supposed to
be my best friend!
[screams]
[grunting]
[screaming]
[whimpering]
I'm sorry. I can't hear you.
What is that noise?
Friend!
I've unleashed a monster.
- She's gonna kill me.
- Ma'am. can you tell me
- where you're calling from?
- Happy's Rage Room.
downtown!
Apart from a blowout bar.
this is the dumbest thing
people in L.A. pay money for.
I think it's genius.
Your victim's in there.
Where? [sighs]
There. Your victim
climbed into the barrel
after her BFF
started chasing her
- with a sledgehammer.
- I thought the point
was to smash things.
not each other.
Wife. Mistress.
Adulterous slut!
Does the adulterous
slut have a name?
Denise. She can't hear
you very well in there.
Ears ringing.
Denise. are you hurt?
- What?
- Ah. looks like
she's sledge hammered in there
pretty good. Cap.
Lena. Eddie. saws and jaws.
On it. Cap.
Denise.
we're gonna cut you out of there.
What?
[saw whirring]
[dramatic music]
♪♪
[metal groaning]
You have the right
to remain silent.
Wait. excuse me.
Please. don't arrest her.
This is all my fault.
You wanna be a better friend?
Bail her out.
I'd rather rot in jail
than have her
do another thing for me.
I should've never trusted you!
Consider this the end
of our friendship!
I hate you! Next time..
So much anger in the
world these days.
I can see why this place
is all the rage.
- See what I did there?
- [scoffs] Oh. I see it.
[laughter]
[phone buttons beep]
[siren whirs]
I'm really sorry about this.
I thought I was gonna
have the day off.
Oh. it's fine.
Pretty sure I'm gonna have
an easier day than you are.
[chuckles] A root canal
would be more fun.
[chuckles]
[phone chimes]
[gasps]
Six..
Six embryos made it.
They're sending them
for testing. and then..
We can schedule the transfer.
[both laugh]
I guess we have
to start deciding
exactly how many
little pairs of feet
we want stomping
around this house.
[both laugh]
Mom. have you seen
my phone charger?
Why am I the lost and found?
In the kitchen.
Next to the coffee maker.
And hurry! Let's go!
What time are you
and Bobby leaving?
We're not.
What? I thought you guys
were going
- to that B&B up the coast.
- Canceled.
on account of a lawsuit.
Buck's suing the city
to get his job back.
Bobby has to go in for
an arbitration hearing today.
Wow. Last time I saw Buck
he was coughing up
blood on the patio.
Oh. yeah. He's a sweet kid.
but I need to stop
inviting him over.
Chaos inevitably ensues.
That sounds like a great idea.
None of this would've
happened if you hadn't
invited him over for dinner.
Excuse you.
And that would be my cue.
Hey. Harry!
Come on. let's go. man!
You know your grandmother's
expecting us for lunch.
And if we're late.
I am definitely blaming you.
It won't matter.
It's genetically impossible
for GG to get mad at me.
[laughs]
- Bye. Bobby.
- You two be good.
Don't give your dad
too much trouble.
- Give GG a kiss hello for me.
- I will.
Have fun!
♪♪
So. what is that about
this Buck thing being my fault?
I think I'll exercise
my right to remain silent.
I love you.
[laughs]
This is not a trial.
and I am not a judge.
This arbitration will address
Mr. Buckley's claim
against the Los Angeles
Fire Department
for wrongful termination.
Buck wasn't terminated.
He still has his job.
It's our position that
Firefighter Buckley.
while not technically fired.
has been constructively
terminated
from all components
of firefighting duty.
A defacto firing.
Which is a direct result
of a pattern
of discriminatory
and unequal treatment
- on the part of Captain Nash.
- Unequal treatment?
I don't treat Buck
any differently
than I do any other
firefighter under my watch.
- Really?
- Really.
See. I was hit from behind
with a construction truck
and the rebar entered
the back of my skull
and went right through my brain
and exited my forehead.
- See that little scar?
- Yeah.
It's all I ended up with.
That's miraculous.
And how long did it take
before you returned to work?
Uh...
several weeks.
No. you know what?
It was more closer to a month.
I'm a quick healer. evidently.
Evidently.
And your more recent
medical trauma..
after you were
stabbed repeatedly
by your girlfriend's
ex-husband..
How long before you were back
with the 118?
That was also about a month.
Hm. So it's fair to say
Captain Nash has
followed a pattern
of allowing firefighters
with serious injuries
back after less than a month.
No. I don't think
it is fair to say.
Every patient is different.
Every injury is different.
The blood thinners that
Buck has to take right now
makes it very dangerous
for him to be in the field.
Tell me...
do you recognize
this brochure?
Yes.
Can you tell us what it is?
It's a commercial brochure
for anticoagulant
blood thinner medication.
Medications that
you yourself sold
in your former career
as a pharmaceutical rep.
- Is that right?
- Yes.
And in your sales pitch
to your doctor clients.
was it your contention
that these medications
would allow patients to
resume their normal lives?
I was a sales rep. not a doctor.
But you were a field medic.
Doesn't qualify me to comment
on Buck's medical status.
It does make me understand
the chain of command.
And if Cap says he's not ready.
he's not ready.
Were you ready.
Firefighter Diaz.
to return to work after
your wife's death?
That's my business.
It's also your
Captain's business.
He never suggested
you take some time?
- See a counselor?
- He wasn't there at the time.
'Cause he'd been suspended.
Captain Nash's suspension
was adjudicated.
I don't see how it is relevant
- to this proceeding.
- It's relevant
because it illustrates how
everyone except Mr. Buckley
is allowed to return to the job.
no matter the injury
or infraction.
Buck has a chronic
medical condition.
And what about your own
chronic medical condition.
Captain Nash?
I believe the National
Institute of Health
classifies alcoholism as
a chronic brain disease.
I'm clean and sober.
You are now.
and you were before.
But isn't it true
that just about
a year and a half ago.
you did have a relapse?
I did.
After the Liberty jet
crash. I drank.
I was not on duty.
But it was you and Mr. Buckley
who found Bobby passed
out in his apartment.
Yes.
That happened.
I did not know about that.
That was before I got here.
You asked my client
for his help that day.
That's exactly what he did.
without hesitation.
He helped you get sobered up.
and then you returned
to your full duties
as captain of the 118.
- Yes. that's all true.
- So isn't the only difference
between your off-duty relapse
and Mr. Buckley's
is that he actually did
everything in his power
to help you return to your job.
Well. I thought that went great.
I'll let you know what I hear.
Okay? You did good.
♪♪
Come on. let's go. let's go.
Come on. come on. come on.
come on. come on.
We're here at the
McDouglas duck farm
where countless
innocent duck lives
are being snuffed out
on a daily basis.
If the law won't shut 'em
down. we will.
If you want to
support our mission.
please. go to our website.
Get mad!
We're right here.
We're here for you guys.
We're coming.
[ducks quacking]
We're here in the slaughterhouse
where these defenseless
will get clamp to these hooks
and conveyed to their deaths.
Mechanized murder!
Not on our watch.
[metal clanging]
Over there. Under the machine.
Let's go.
The hell are you people
doing here?
Exercising our First Amendment
right to protest.
Like hell.
You're trespassing!
We're making sure no more
innocent ducks die today.
Oh. don't do that!
- Don't do that!
- Rage against the cage.
Rage against the cage!
- Rage against the cage!
- Hey. hey. hey!
Rage against the cage!
Oh. no. no. no!
Now that's just vandalism.
[alarm blares]
- Oh. my God!
- Oh. crap.
Oh. my God!
Turn it off! Turn it off!
Turn it off!
[screaming]
[shouting]
Turn it off!
Turn it off! Turn it off!
[choking]
The damn fools
locked themselves to the belt
and the motor got kicked on.
Now it seems to be stuck.
Can you cut the power?
I do that. I got 1.400 duck
carcasses starting to rot.
Toby.
where is the key to your lock?
- I can't find it.
- I swallowed it.
You swallowed it?
We didn't say anything
about swallowing the keys!
Oh. you withheld
information from your team.
How's that working out for you?
- Lena. bolt cutters!
- Sir. try not to struggle.
Coming in hot!
[grunts. coughing]
I got some bruising. possible
swelling of the trachea.
We're gonna get you
to the hospital.
They'll check you out there.
I'm fine.
I don't need to go to the hospital.
He needs to go to jail.
[machinery winds down]
Hey. did you just shut that off?
So?
So you could've done
that the whole time.
and you just let it run?
Ah. man. they were trespass..
They're just idiot kids!
They could've died!
Bobby!
[coughing]
It's gotta be that key.
Keep coughing. buddy.
-  Toby? Toby? What's wrong?
- Starting the Heimlich!
- He's not breathing.
- All right. get him
on a backboard. now! Let's go!
- Ready?
- Something's not right.
Toby? He's not..
He's dying.
- I got a pulse.
- Let's ventilate.
Oh. I'm scared.
I'm scared. Toby.
He's dying. guys.
This is not..
[coughing]
The key must've
torn his trachea.
We gotta try
to get it out.
Lena. my bag. Magill forceps.
Oh. God. Please don't let
him die on my property.
♪♪
[breathing heavily]
Oh.
- Stable.
- Oh!
He never told me he
was gonna eat that key.
He's still not breathing.
Two more rescue breaths.
♪♪
Chest is rising.
He's breathing.
You still wanna press charges?
- I think we're good.
- All right.
let's get him on a
gurney. on three.
♪♪ I'm a sucker for you ♪♪
♪♪
You know.
I thought that we agreed
to be technology
free on this trip.
We just passed L.A. city limit.
Oh. God.
[laughs]
Could you at least
check on your brother
and make sure he's
still breathing.
I think he's in a food coma
from GG's cooking.
Ohh. that's the only way to go.
[both laugh]
Ooh!
Mm. call your mother and
tell her we'll be home
- in about half an hour.
- Okay.
[siren chirps. horn blares]
Or not.
[siren continues]
Come on!
[radio chatter]
♪♪
Hey.
License and registration.
It's in the glove box.
You mind if I reach for it?
All right.
[opens glove box]
All right. Here you go.
This your car?
It's on the paperwork.
Step out of the car. sir.
What? Why?
Ah. it's fine. baby.
Sit tight.
Where you coming from?
Visiting my mother.
Do you mind if I ask
why you pulled me over?
Expired tags.
Wait here
while I run your information.
Oh. wait a minute. Wait.
I..I actually
- have the tags in my car..
- Don't move.
Turn around.
put your hands on the hood
and wait here
while I run your plates.
Excuse me?
Hold on for a second.
- I said don't move!
- Oh! Okay. okay. okay!
Hands on the hood!
[phone beeps]
Our friend here
is having trouble
listening to directions.
- Please. miss.
- What are you doing to my dad?
- Get back in the vehicle.
- May. get back in the car!
- Do what he says.
- No. they can't just
- treat us like this.
-  Take her phone.
- Stop.
- Back seat!
- No. no. no!
- Dad!
- Hands in the air!
- No. no. stop. stop. stop!
- No!
- Hands in the..
- Get off me!
[all shouting]
- Back in the car. now!
- Do not move!
Please don't shoot my son!
Don't you shoot my son!
Look. my wife is a sergeant.
Her name is Athena Grant.
LAPD.
Please.
♪♪
[somber music]
It's just a kid.
Come here. Come here.
come here. come here.
Okay. It's okay.
Harry. sit tight. man.
It's all good. You got this.
Yeah.
You folks have a nice
night. then.
♪♪
Come on.
Come here. man. Ahh.
Ahh. okay.
We're good.
You get in the car. now.
Let's go. Let's go. yeah?
All right.
♪♪
[engine starts]
[siren chirps]
♪♪
Shoot first.
and then ask questions later.
That's how they're trained.
But they didn't
fire their weapons. thank God.
All right? It was just
a bad stop. They happen.
They pulled their guns. Athena.
It wasn't just a bad stop.
We will file a complaint.
There will be an investigation.
And what do you think
the determination
will be of that?
Let me save you the paperwork.
We'd be lucky for a
slap on the wrist.
Is Dad gonna get arrested?
What? No. man. Come here.
Hey. listen. my man.
Daddy's not going anywhere.
It's okay.
No. it's not okay.
They could've killed Harry.
and they could've killed you.
May. Please. now.
What? It's the truth.
Why do they do that to us?
'Cause they were afraid. honey.
And they overreacted.
They were afraid
because they saw me
as a big. scary black man.
Well. arguing with the police
probably wasn't
the best choice.
Wait a minute.
Are you blaming me for this?
No.
Well. you're giving them
the benefit of the doubt.
- Because I am them!
- Right.
All right.
I know what it's like.
You're walking up to a car.
all right?
You're out in the open.
exposed.
You don't know
what's waiting for you
when you walk up to that window.
It's a father and his two kids.
So you don't think that
maybe that was the moment
that they should've stood down?
Yes! All right?
And the idea of what could've
happened terrifies me.
So it's not as simple
as pick a side.
How can you be a cop when they
treat black people like this?
It is not all cops. May.
The good outnumber the bad.
Not when the good choose
to look the other way
when the bad do stuff like this.
No one is looking the other way.
Really? Because those cops
will go home tonight
and they'll probably sleep easy.
Business as usual for them.
But our son and daughter
are sitting here. traumatized.
You know what?
They're not gonna forget
what they did to us. okay?
I have it all on my cell phone.
I'm posting the video.
You will not.
We do not need that
kind of attention.
This family doesn't.
You and Harry's face online.
just forever associated
with that incident.
I do not want that for you.
You're right.
you're right. you're right.
Your mother..
your mother's right.
Besides. nobody got shot.
right?
Probably wouldn't get that
much of a reaction anyway.
Michael.
the police are not the enemy.
All right?
It's not us versus them.
I do not wanna
teach our kids that.
Then tell your colleagues that.
Because that's how I felt
when they pulled a gun out
on our son!
[sighs]
Okay. bud.
Let's go.
All right. strong legs.
There we go.
Are you sure about this?
I'm gonna have Carla
pick you up after the party.
No. Dad. I..I wanna go.
Hey. guys! You made it!
Dillon is so excited!
Maybe now he'll stop
talking about it.
Wait. who am I kidding?
No. he won't.
[laughs]
You got my emails. right?
I did. Very detailed.
All right. Be good. have fun.
Call me if you need
anything. okay?
Okay. Dad.
I love you.
I love you too. kid.
All right.
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go.
[laughing]
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
He's going to be okay. Eddie.
I know. He hasn't had
a nightmare in a week.
The doctor says a sleepover
will be great for him.
I'm not sure how good
it's gonna be for me.
Listen. don't worry.
Dillon's got this
whole camping situation
set up in the backyard.
and Ron'll be in the
tent next to them.
Okay. we'll call you
if there's any problem.
Now. go relax. Recharge.
I will return him to you
in one piece tomorrow.
- Thanks. Tasha.
- Mm-hmm.
Hey. that's a handicapped spot.
- I know.
- Oh. you know.
[laughs] Oh. that's rich.
I had knee surgery
and had to park three rows in.
but. uh. look at you.
Must be nice to own the world.
Look. I'm not doing this
with you. man.
My kid has CP.
and I just dropped him off.
Yeah. I'm sure.
Like those guys
that put dummies
in their passenger seats
so they can
use the carpool lane.
- Did you just insult my kid?
- I ain't insulting anybody.
I'm calling you out.
You got something
to say about that?
[siren wails]
[gate buzzing]
Thanks for coming
to bail me out.
I was surprised
to get your call.
I didn't realize we reached
the bail each other out of jail
phase of our friendship.
Well. there's no way
I was gonna call my abuela
or the 118. and I'm not allowed
to talk to Buck.
Look. I don't mind the bailing.
but I'm a little concerned
about the jailing part.
I guess I just snapped.
- You punched a handicapped guy.
- He wasn't handicapped.
He had a bad..
he had a bad knee.
there's a difference.
It won't happen again.
- Lesson learned.
- Hope so.
I also hope this guy
doesn't have a lawyer.
♪♪
[knocking]
Yeah. I got a client meeting.
I'll call you back.
Boy. you got here fast.
Hope you didn't break any laws
on the way here.
Though. I do know someone.
You. uh. you said
you had big news?
The biggest.
- Uh. what..what is this?
- That is the city's offer.
They wanna settle. Now.
it's only a jumping off point.
We can counter.
Th..this is all
they're offering?
[laughs] Did I. uh..
did I forget a zero?
No. I got it right.
You do understand
they're offering you
- millions of dollars.
- I don't want millions.
I..I want my job back.
That was the whole point
in us doing this.
But you'd be a millionaire.
Congratulations.
You never have to have
a job again.
Yeah. I didn't do this
for money.
I did this so that I could
go back to doing what I love.
To be back with my team.
[chuckles]
Uh. you really think they're
gonna welcome you back. kid?
I mean. not to
toot my own horn.
but I raked your friends
over the coals pretty hard.
Wait. I told you that stuff.
not so that you would use it.
it was just information.
What happened to
attorney-client privilege?
Okay. that doesn't work
how you think it does.
But I did exactly
what you asked me to do.
We won.
Maybe not how you wanted. but..
Well. this doesn't
feel like winning.
But it's probably as close
as you're ever gonna get.
So what do you wanna do?
What are you doing to my dad?
Miss. get back in the vehicle.
May. get back in the car.
Okay. do what he says.
No. they can't
just treat us like this.
-  Take her phone.
-  No.
-  Back seat.
-  No. no. stop!
Hands in the air!
[shouting. struggling efforts]
Stop! Stop!
Get back in the car. now!
-  Leave us alone!
-  Don't shoot my son!
Don't you shoot my son!
Look. my wife is a sergeant.
Her name is Athena Grant.
You sure you wanna watch that?
I needed to see it for myself.
I'm gonna recommend
suspension without pay
while the department
conducts their investigation.
I'm gonna push for
disciplinary action.
Most likely. there'll be
no real consequences
for their actions?
None that will feel satisfying.
Reynolds has a long
list of complaints.
Excessive force.
unlawful search and seizure.
violation of civil liberties.
Yeah. the problem is
he always stops just short
of doing something truly awful.
so none of it sticks.
Well.
maybe it has something to do
with who's making
the complaints.
Almost every
incident on that list
involves a black
or brown suspect.
I'm aware of the pattern.
But I'm not gonna lie to
you. Athena.
This is probably gonna go
away. too.
Yeah. for them.
But not for my family.
Certainly not for me.
[shouting. clamoring]
[rock music]
♪♪
[grunting]
[cheering]
♪♪
Stock market's closed
you don't need to
check your portfolio.
I'm making sure
Christopher didn't text.
He's not gonna text.
He's having the
time of his life.
You. on the other hand.
are so amped you
can't see straight.
What am I missing. anyways.
besides fake fight club.
This is your idea of helping me.
You're a powder keg.
You beat up a guy
over a parking space.
But a place like this could be
a healthy outlet
for your issues.
[laughs]
What are you. my therapist now?
Just the chick who
bailed you out of jail.
I thought we weren't
talking about that.
Bosko! You're up!
[laughs] Wait. wait.
You're fighting.
I'm not the only one
with stuff to work out.
Hold my beer.
[Bikini Kill's "Rebel Girl"]
♪♪ That girl thinks
she's the queen  ♪♪
♪♪ Of the neighborhood ♪♪
♪♪ She's got the
hottest trike in town ♪♪
[cheering]
♪♪ That girl.
she holds her head up so high ♪♪
♪♪ I think I wanna be her best
friend. yeah ♪♪
♪♪ Rebel girl. rebel girl
[grunts]
[grunting]
[cheering]
[grunts]
[crowd clamoring]
[both grunt]
Whoa!
[fighters grunting]
[cheering]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Thanks for dinner. Bobby.
I really needed to see my
kids. you know?
How are you doing?
Ah. I'm still mad as hell.
Me too.
I thought the world had changed.
Or I guess I wanted
to believe it had.
No. it's not just you.
I got too comfortable. You know.
architect. nice house. nice car.
married to an LAPD sergeant.
[chuckles]
Formerly married.
I thought I was exempt.
And then I was
reminded that I'm not.
And neither is my son.
And that's the part that
I'm really struggling with.
Because that's the promise
that we make. right?
When we have kids..
that their lives are gonna be
better and easier
than ours were.
Yeah. but Harry's ten.
He shouldn't be
worried about anything.
except for school. sports
and just being a kid.
And now I have to sit
him down and talk to him.
The talk.
I have to prepare
my son for something
that shouldn't even
be his responsibility.
I'm sorry.
I wish I could say
that I know what you're feeling.
No. brother.
I'm so glad that you don't.
If it had been worse.
if something would've
happened to me.
I am so happy that they have you
because I know you love them
like they're your own.
No. Michael. You can't
let yourself think like that.
Yeah.
Somehow. I can't seem to stop.
[somber music]
♪♪
I need to talk to you
about what happened
the other night.
Do we have to?
I know it was scary.
But we need to talk about
what I could've
done differently.
You didn't do anything wrong.
Well.
it's not about being right.
Sometimes when you
deal with the police.
it's about being safe.
Aren't they supposed
to keep us safe?
They are.
But not all officers
are like your mom.
There are some bad ones.
And there are some
that aren't so bad.
But some of them
will still treat you
like you're different
than the other kids.
Because I'm black?
Yes. because you're black.
So you need to know what to do
when you come in
contact with the police.
Be respectful.
Do what they say.
And don't ever make them
feel nervous or panic.
But they're the
ones with the guns.
What if I'm more
scared than they are?
You probably will be.
But they might not
understand that.
So you can't yell
or argue with them.
even though you think
that you're right.
And always keep your hands
where they can see them.
No sudden moves.
Don't reach for anything. Ever.
What if they ask me
for something?
I don't have
a driver's license. but..
Right. Well. then you ask them
for permission.
Okay?
And then you move very slowly
and you tell them
what you're doing
as you're doing it.
Why are we different?
We are not.
But you just said..
I said that some people
will see you differently.
They will look at
you and judge you.
But those people will
never know who you are.
You are a smart. kind.
beautiful black boy
who's gonna grow up to be
an amazing black man.
Be proud of that.
Don't you ever forget.
Promise me.
I promise.
Good.
I love you. Harry.
I love you too. Dad.
♪♪
[siren chirps. wails]
[radio chatter]
I'm a cop. I was ju..
leaving your favorite
watering hole after shift?
O'Neil's. right?
License. registration
and proof of insurance.
You gotta be kidding me.
Turn off the engine.
Step out of the car for me.
[grunts]
How much you have
to drink tonight?
- A couple of beers.
- What's a couple?
Two? Twelve?
I'm afraid we're gonna have
to do a field sobriety test.
Legally. I can refuse that.
And legally.
I can throw you in jail.
Objective symptoms.
Glassy-eyed.
smell like alcohol..
since we being all
by the book now.
Follow the pen.
You don't give a damn
about a DUI.
Careful. now.
I've heard
talking back to an officer
is liable to get someone
slammed up
against the hood of a car.
even cuffed.
Listen. Sergeant. I didn't know
that was your family
when we made the stop.
Oh. they were lucky. then.
Somebody else's family.
and they could be
making funeral
arrangements right now.
Walk and turn.
You know the drill.
[radio chatter]
♪♪
It was all a big
misunderstanding.
- I'm sorry if your family got..
- Keep your weak apology.
Stand on one leg.
Humiliating. isn't it?
Being treated like a criminal.
Singled out for no good reason.
Harassed by a police officer
with questionable motives.
I can report you.
- This is retribution.
- If it was retribution.
I would've done it when
your kids were in the car.
I really am sorry. Sergeant.
You have a nice night. then.
♪♪
Okay. listen up.
Last couple times we were here.
mistakes were made.
That is not gonna happen again.
That is why I am pairing
you up on your assignments.
Eddie. Lena.
you are on meats and deli.
Nothing leaner than 92%
Hen. Chimney. baking aisle.
Unrefined flour this time.
Thank you.
I will cover fruits
and vegetables.
Once you have
everything on your list.
we will reconvene
at the dairy case.
Let's move!
This must be what the invasion
of Normandy felt like.
[laughs]
What do you mean he just
dropped the charges?
You make it sound like
you're disappointed.
Just surprised.
Pleasantly.
Apparently. that wasn't
the guy's first illegal fight.
And they weighed that
against my service record..
Captain America wins
a Get Out of Jail Free card?
And anyway.
that jackass' knee surgery
was three years ago.
But not letting it go.
'Cause that's healthy.
I just think
Bobby needs to let go
of being pissed off at Buck.
I know that.
and so does Bobby.
How you figure?
What do you think this whole
shopping trip is all about?
- Buck.
- Exactly.
It's just a distraction
to keep our minds off..
No. no. no. Buck.
Whoa. hey. uh. you guys.
What's up?
- What are you doing here?
- Me. I'm just here to..
to do some..
some shopping.
Eight miles
from your apartment?
Yeah. well. this is
the only place that has...
Happy Cat laxative powder.
You're buying cat laxative?
Yeah. I've been thinking of.
uh. of getting a cat.
And you're anticipating
your new cat will be irregular.
Um..
Listen. I..I came here
to apologize.
Okay. I..I never meant
for things to get
so out of hand with
the lawsuit and..
Yeah? What'd you think
was gonna happen?
The lawsuit's bad enough.
but you told your lawyer
everything about us..
personal things.
You're supposed to be truthful
with your lawyer.
Why are you so pissed at me?
Because you're exhausting.
We all have our own problems.
but you don't see us
whining about it.
No. somehow.
we just manage to suck it up.
Why can't you?
That's kinda harsh.
It's not like the guy asked
to be crushed
by a ladder truck.
No. but he filed
a stupid lawsuit.
and now I can't even
talk to you because of it.
You know how much
Christopher misses you?
How could you?
You're not around.
[people arguing outside]
I..I didn't realize that.
Maybe I can come
and visit Christopher.
You know the lawsuit
doesn't prevent that.
[arguing continues outside]
No. it prevents me
from reaching out to you.
I couldn't even call you
to bail me out of jail.
You took my spot. man!
If that was something
that happened.
What..what?
What are you talking about?
Look. man.
why can't you see my side of this?
'Cause that's all you see.
[shouting. crashing]
[crashing]
- What's happening?
- Someone should stop her.
These two or those two?
Let's go!
[horn blaring]
[crashing]
[tires squealing.
horn honking]
Hey! Get back here!
[siren wails]
[thrilling music]
♪♪
[shouting]
[horn honking]
Eddie. Lena. get the tools.
Hen. Chimney.
check on the drivers.
[horn honking]
[shouting. honking]
I'm gonna die. man!
Hey.
Karen?
What's wrong?
The doctor called...
and none of the embryos
are good.
Wh..What? We had six.
None?
[clears throat]
It's just that they had. uh.
chromosomal
abnormalities or defects.
They have to be discarded.
She did say we can try again.
Maybe do better next time.
Okay. so.. so we'll try again.
But what if it fails again?
I should've frozen my eggs
when I was younger.
but I just kept
thinking there was time.
No. don't..don't do this.
Don't put this on
yourself. Karen.
But it is on me.
- I'm so sorry.
- No. no.
No. this is not your fault.
You did everything
exactly right.
Every test. every treatment.
Every doctor's order.
you followed it to the letter.
Yeah. and my body
has been fighting me
every step of the way.
Fighting me.
The IVF. the IUI.
the complications
and the side effects. and..
It's..it's trying
to tell me something.
Give up.
- Maybe I should listen.
- No.
[sobs]
- I'm sorry.
- No. No.
- I'm so sorry.
- Don't be.
Don't be.
Sergeant Grant?
I..I'm Officer Andrew Martin.
I was on the scene
the other night
for your family's traffic stop.
Oh. yeah.
I'm familiar with your work.
I just want you to know
how sorry I am.
I..I didn't see your son
in the backseat.
And then it was instinct.
A bad one.
When we say
"protect and serve."
we mean the community.
not ourselves.
I remember being a rookie.
The nerves. not knowing
what you're walking up on.
not sure what to do
when you get there.
It's natural to follow
your partner's lead.
Just don't follow
it off a cliff.
♪♪
Do better.
[rock music playing]
So this is your idea of
a team-building activity?
Well. trust falls
are part of the job.
I can't fix the world.
I can't offer some sage advice
that's gonna
make everything better.
All I can offer is this.
- I cannot believe you came.
- Rough day.
I really need to break
something right now.
What's that?
Cap sprung for the
deluxe package.
Full minibar!
They serve alcohol
in this place?
Oh. yeah. I'm surprised we
don't get more calls from here.
Well. it looks like you have
some more team building to do.
[glass shatters]
Yeah.
Hey. uh. hey. Bobby.
Thank you for...inviting me.
Look.
I..I just wanted to apologize.
You're gonna get a call
tomorrow from the Chief.
You're being reinstated
to active duty.
The brass didn't
want the headache.
They're afraid of the bad press.
[laughs]
That..that's awesome.
Yeah. maybe not.
They gave me the
option to transfer you.
They understood how
I might not want you back
after everything
you put us through.
But I said no.
You're coming back to the 118
where I can keep an eye on you.
Thanks. Captain.
- You won't regret it.
- You might.
My house. my rules.
Remember that?
♪♪
Rage is defined as an intense
or violent type of anger.
[screams]
♪♪ Ohh ♪♪
Road rage. office rage.
even airplane rage.
♪♪ This time I won't let go ♪♪
Seems like the whole world
is on the edge of
snapping lately.
But it's not the only way
we use that word.
A raging fire.
A raging storm.
A rager of a party.
All things that
are out of control.
And maybe that's where
our rage comes from.
A feeling that our
world. our lives
are out of control.
-  I said don't move!
-  Okay. okay!
When we feel helpless...
powerless...
weak...
[panting]
Hey. where's Eddie?
He said he had other plans.
[cheering]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[cheering]
♪♪ Ohh ♪♪
[grunts]
♪♪ This time I won't let go ♪♪
The rage starts to build.
and it needs an outlet.
So what happens when
we let it take over?
Do we regain control
by unleashing our fury?
Or have we crossed a line
we can't come back from?
ANNOUNCER: Don't miss
a minute of 9-1-1.
Catch all new episodes.
Mondays on Fox.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm